`UpgradeTorBinaries`: Add support for GEOIP upgrade (#9072)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/Guides/UpgradeTorDaemons.md

## How to upgrade bundled Tor version in Wallet Wasabi

### Automatically

> Just invoke the following commands in your PowerShell 7+:

Reviewer: Remove filler word:
```suggestion
Invoke the following commands in your PowerShell 7+:
```

```powershell

> cd WalletWasabi/Microservices/Binaries

Reviewer 2: This does not work on PowerShell 7

Reviewer 2: Thanks, it works that way.

> # See what the latest released Tor Browser version is here: https://dist.torproject.org/torbrowser/.

Reviewer 2: Currently https://dist.torproject.org/torbrowser/ contains a `11.5.3` folder but it only contains binaries for android, so IMO we should use https://www.torproject.org/download/ to check the latest released Tor Browser version.

```suggestion
# See what the latest released Tor Browser version is here: https://www.torproject.org/download/
```

# Suppose it is "11.5.2". Then one can just call:
.\UpgradeTorBinaries.ps1 -version "11.5.2"
```

> ### Manually

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we add one `#` for the sub titles under this section?
